A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path.
The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.
Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery.
had a closed path to the battery
The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2
The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals.
Bulb A and B are still contained within  closed paths
bulbs a, b, and c are on a path with the battery
Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery
Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal.
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not
terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal
"bulb A""s path only contained switch Z"
Bulb C was in an open path,
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal.
Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6.
Y is not needed for bulb a to light
Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection.
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal
A and B are off
There are other closed path without bulb B
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery.
Tells you that there is a gap
because bulb A and B are within the same path
switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal
the battery is on a closed path
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path.
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery
Because the terminals are not in a closed path, so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4
that  there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals
switch X does not effect bulbs B and C
There is a gap in the circut.
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v
The battery terminals have different electrical states.
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery.
if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A
there is a damaged bulb
because each bulb has its own pathway
there was a gap in the circuit that C was on
Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery.
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal
if the path is closed with the battery, the switch doesnt affect it
terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal
the voltage stays the same within the battery
for the same reason as 3
Because the bulb is connected correctly.
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter
the two terminals are connected
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same
Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A.
The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal
bulb c was not connected to the battery.
Bulb A will create a gap in the path
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
The open switch makes the path open
because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a and c affect each other.
Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery
Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery.
Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery.
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery
Switch Y did not effect bulb A
because the path was closed
The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.
The battery is not in a closed path.
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from  terminal 6.
the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal
for the same reason as 3
Because there is a gap.
An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path.
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c
there would be a gap in the circuit
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery
battery is contained on a closed path
There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be
bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery.
because a and c are still in a closed circuit
The terminal is connected to a negative terminal.
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.
when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery
Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states.
Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete.
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap
B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery
bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path.
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery
A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete
a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery
The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components.
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .
"Without A, there""s no closed path"
We switched the terminals around.
Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and  C
if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path, the switch affects the bulb.
The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap
Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A.
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a.
Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs.
for the same reason as 1
bulb b created a gap
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4
The current has shorted out the battery.
because there was a positive and negative connection
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected
because there is no closed path
The terminals are not connected
The bulb does not effect the others
because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery
if C is damaged, the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected
Because a closed circuit was formed.
terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal
becaquse there was a gap in the connection
Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path
Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal
the terminal is connected to the battery
The battery is in an open path to the bulb.
A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path
Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side.
because of the gap in bulb B
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged
still have connection to battery
Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A.
a large one, if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not
The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together.
There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal.
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery
if the path is open the bulb will be off
the battery  is in a closed path with itself.
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery
You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other.
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path
The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6.
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c
There is no difference in electrical states.
terminal one is not connected to terminal six
gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0
bulb a is in the closed path
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery.
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap
because there was a gap in the pathway.
Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery.
The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together.
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected
If the path is directly connected to the battery, then the switch affects a bulb.
If a switch is open, the circut is no longer closed.
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states
"the battery terminals don""t connect without any devices"
a connection to the battery
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4
terminal 1 and 4 connected
Because the two terminals are connected
there is a path from bulb to battery
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths.
The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component.
there is a closed path to the battery
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c
Terminal has the same electrical state
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb.
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.
bulb a will burn out with bulb C
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery
There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know.
because bulb c is not included in the closed path
bulb a creates a gap
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals
the battery is  not contained in a closed path
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery
there is no short circuit to the battery.
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit
bulb a creates a gap
when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery
becuase breaking one  bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up.
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery
Switch Y was in a dfferent path
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery.
the gap in terminal 2 is postive
Because there is a bulb in one of the paths.
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else
Because one of the bulb terminals is bad, and the other ones are good.
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery
The light bulb is not in a closed path
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery.
Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery
If the switch and the bulb are in the same path.
"the electrical state difference between the battery""s two terminals"
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal
The voltage does not change.
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3.
there is a gap in the connection.
if there is a gap between the terminals, the voltage will be different.
if a path is connected to an oen switch, the bulb will be off.
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb
there is a closed path
there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
yes bulb A was on
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path.
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery
There has to be a closed circuit battery.
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6
When the switch is in the path of the bulb.
because an open switch creates a gap.
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery
because of the gap in bulb b
A closed path with a battery and bulb
Bulb B is in a independent path
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery
Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3
A switch creates a break in the closed path.
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal.
Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A
The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery
the  negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other.
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4
bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery.
all the bulbs are on parralel paths
terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
there is no path through bulb b.
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C.
If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery.
If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5
That the terminals are not connected to each other.
Closed connection between the bulb and the battery.
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal.
Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery.
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.
the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal
if the path is open or closed
the attery is not in a closed path
because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery.
When the switch is in the same path as the bulb.
The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed.
Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal
because of the gap in bulb b.
There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery.
battery is contained in bulb
The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit.
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery
bulb B does not effect the other bulbs
the battery is contained in a closed path
because there is a positive and negative connections
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.
an open switch causes a gap.
there was a closed path not effected by the switch
If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery
A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on.
the battery is in a closed path.
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
closed paths from the battery
Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery.
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal.
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal
Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal.
there is a closed path, with no lightbulb in the path
Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
Bulb A is contain in a closed path
One side is closed the other side is open.
Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap
There is still a closed path that contains the battery, Bulb B, and Bulb C.
Because terminal 1 had no gap.
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.
connected to the negative terminal
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals
There is no gap in the circuit.
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal.
because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit
The bulb and the battery are connected
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal
because A and C still have a connection to the battery
because there is no gap between the terminals
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals.
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery.
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals
Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.
the battery is containing a negative charge only
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1
the path will have a gap
An open switch stops the energy flow
A is on a cloosed battery
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0
the is an open path
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery
Through bulb A, bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery.
